ADD BORT (#9813)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/bort.rst

authors refer to as "Bort".

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We extract an optimal subset of architectural parameters for the BERT architecture from Devlin et al. (2018) by
applying recent breakthroughs in algorithms for neural architecture search. This optimal subset, which we refer to as
"Bort", is demonstrably smaller, having an effective (that is, not counting the embedding layer) size of 5.5% the
original BERT-large architecture, and 16% of the net size. Bort is also able to be pretrained in 288 GPU hours, which
is 1.2% of the time required to pretrain the highest-performing BERT parametric architectural variant, RoBERTa-large
(Liu et al., 2019), and about 33% of that of the world-record, in GPU hours, required to train BERT-large on the same
hardware. It is also 7.9x faster on a CPU, as well as being better performing than other compressed variants of the
architecture, and some of the non-compressed variants: it obtains performance improvements of between 0.3% and 31%,
absolute, with respect to BERT-large, on multiple public natural language understanding (NLU) benchmarks.*

Tips:

> - BORT's model architecture is based on BERT, so one can refer to :doc:`BERT's documentation page <model_doc/bert>` for
>   the model's API as well as usage examples.
> - BORT uses the RoBERTa tokenizer instead of the BERT tokenizer, so one can refer to :doc:`RoBERTa's documentation page
>   <model_doc/roberta>` for the tokenizer's API as well as usage examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BORT's model architecture is based on BERT, so one can refer to :doc:`BERT's documentation page <bert>` for
  the model's API as well as usage examples.
- BORT uses the RoBERTa tokenizer instead of the BERT tokenizer, so one can refer to :doc:`RoBERTa's documentation page
  <roberta>` for the tokenizer's API as well as usage examples.
```

authors refer to as "Bort".

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We extract an optimal subset of architectural parameters for the BERT architecture from Devlin et al. (2018) by
applying recent breakthroughs in algorithms for neural architecture search. This optimal subset, which we refer to as
"Bort", is demonstrably smaller, having an effective (that is, not counting the embedding layer) size of 5.5% the
original BERT-large architecture, and 16% of the net size. Bort is also able to be pretrained in 288 GPU hours, which
is 1.2% of the time required to pretrain the highest-performing BERT parametric architectural variant, RoBERTa-large
(Liu et al., 2019), and about 33% of that of the world-record, in GPU hours, required to train BERT-large on the same
hardware. It is also 7.9x faster on a CPU, as well as being better performing than other compressed variants of the
architecture, and some of the non-compressed variants: it obtains performance improvements of between 0.3% and 31%,
absolute, with respect to BERT-large, on multiple public natural language understanding (NLU) benchmarks.*

Tips:

> - BORT's model architecture is based on BERT, so one can refer to `BERT's docstring
>   <https://huggingface.co/transformers/model_doc/bert.html>`_ for the model's API as well as usage examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BORT's model architecture is based on BERT, so one can refer to :doc:`BERT's documentation page
  <model_doc/bert>` for the model's API as well as usage examples.
```

> - BORT uses the RoBERTa tokenizer instead of the BERT tokenizer, so one can refer to to `RoBERTa's docstring
>   <https://huggingface.co/transformers/model_doc/roberta.html>`_ for the tokenizer's API as well as usage examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BORT uses the RoBERTa tokenizer instead of the BERT tokenizer, so one can refer to :doc:`RoBERTa's documentation
  page <model_doc/roberta>` for the tokenizer's API as well as usage examples.
```
